README Update - servers (#293)
MAAP-Project/maap-documentation: README.md

OS-version of [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/) is also required.

> You need to install Sphinx and supporting packages locally so that you can make sure that your edits show up correctly before you make a pull request to the repo. These steps must be done locally since MAAP's ADE does not support running a server, and likely will not in the future.

Reviewer: Wondering if we can tweak some of the previous wording?
```suggestion
You need to install Sphinx and supporting packages locally so that you can ensure that your edits are displayed correctly before making a pull request to the repository. These steps must be performed locally since MAAP's ADE does not support running a server and likely will not in the future.
```
